I miss come on boys let's discover all
about floating watch me I'm going to
throw my ball into the bath yeah do you
think of a single float sweet seemed
okay what about you city do you think
it'll sink ah you think it'll sink right
let's see after three hmm you were wrong
it's floating sweep train or wooden ball
in and see if that such as ping pong
let's try it out oh yes that's was that
for its best of all broken ping pong
very well is it sweep it sunk look at
that so the ping pong ball which is
broken is now sunk the one that's right
it's floating on the top what sweet oh
you've got a ball with home city let's
try that then office 31 hmm three that's
not sinking or floating is it it's just
floating on the surface so it's a sort
of float isn't it so she can you think
of anything else here in the bathroom
which will float oh yes a boat I had
some voted it too isn't it
water oh you fat floating nicely isn't
it what sweep you can think of something
that floats kill you what that's weak oh
yes our plastic duck your favorite yes
that's floating nice isn't it hey boys
listen I know something else for the
float watch watch watch look at that
boys look bubbles floating on the water
see why did you get your cardboard model
boat from the Shelf back bitch let's see
whether that floats on you think it'll
sink or float sweet you think it'll sink
I think it'll float hmm first it floated
and let its some interesting isn't it
well let's go and tell Matthew what
we've discovered you're gonna stay this
all right